#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==4.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   starlette
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   trio
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
#backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
    #   tzlocal
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
blinker==1.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy-orm
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   selenium
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
    #   uvicorn
comm==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
connect==0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cookiecutter==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   validators
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastapi==0.106.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.39.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   trio
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   matplotlib
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy-orm
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
ipykernel==6.21.3
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   cookiecutter
    #   pydeck
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
jupyter-client==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.4
    # via seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
outcome==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   seaborn
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
platformdirs==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via -r requirements.in
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyarrow==11.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pydantic-core==2.14.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydeck==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pympler==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pymysql==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   urllib3
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-django
pytest-django==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
rich==13.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
scipy==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
selenium==4.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
semver==2.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy==2.0.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy-orm
sqlalchemy-orm==1.2.10
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
starlette==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
trio==0.22.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   selenium
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   annotated-types
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   typing-inspect
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy-orm
tzdata==2022.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3[socks]==1.26.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   selenium
uvicorn==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
validators==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio-websocket
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
